Ah!
Sister Qin Na is so amazing
What do you think of the soldier king from the special forces?
How are you?
Just got attacked by this kid
Cut him
out of the way
It seems that you still don't have a long memory of what happened last time
hit hit hit
Don't you like to gamble?
Come and gamble, keep gambling
Oh, shit
Stop fighting.
Brother Ye Fan, stop fighting
Waiting for the dead to go back and tell
Hope
This thing never dies
Let's go back to the hospital and get bandaged
Mr. Ye
I just checked
Even if the royal family lost the sea general village
Also holding three major gifts
The cash flow is over 100 million
Even if my dad helps you
We want to pry him together
It's a little difficult
Indeed, with the assets I have now
I want to go head-to-head in the real estate industry to guide the Wang family
Almost impossible
Oops, it seems that we have to think of a way.
Get some more quick money
fast money
Uh Mr. Ye
What other way can you make money?
Ah Xiaoqiang
Go to the stock market
Take advantage of this east wind
Let the assets turn over for a while